A former social media aide to Donald J. Trump’s longtime confidant Roger Stone met for nearly three hours with the special counsel’s grand jury in Washington, D.C., Friday to testify as part of Robert Mueller’s ongoing investigation into alleged Russian meddling during the 2016 presidential campaign.
Netflix will be rolling out season two of its original shows Queer Eye" and GLOW ," while Hulu has good news for "Lord of the Rings" fans: all three fantasy films are available today.
According to a Labor Department rule, executive branch employees are barred from publicly commenting on the jobs report until “at least one hour” after its official release.
Aerial footage shows the aftermath of a van falling from the fourth floor of a parking garage at Miami International Airport. The driver was an American Airlines employee driving a company van, who suffered minor scrapes and bruises. https://abcn.ws/2Lgf3Sn
Kanye West premiered his new album at an intimate listening party in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. It's the same mountainous town where the rapper recorded much of the music.
After calling letter from Kim Jong Un "very interesting," Pres. Donald J. Trump says he hasn't seen the letter yet.

"I may be in for a big surprise, folks!" https://abcn.ws/2J3qxMg
Scared of heights? Don’t try this! Group of thrill-seeking friends tackle cliff jumping from a 72 foot waterfall in the Pacific Northwest. https://abcn.ws/2H8XIZ3
The company claims the tool is outdated and wasn't popular. But the trending section also proved problematic in ways that would presage Facebook's later problems with fake news, political balance and the limitations of artificial intelligence in managing the messy human world.
The San Diego Zoo is welcoming the first ever critically endangered Amur leopard cubs born at the zoo. 

WARNING: They’re adorable. https://abcn.ws/2J35lpx
Pres. Donald J. Trump says he and North Korean official Kim Yong Chol did not address human rights in more than hour-long meeting at The White House.

The president says the topic may come up at June 12th meeting. https://abcn.ws/2J3F0bd
Roseanne Barr spoke publicly for the first time since her show was canceled on Tuesday, telling a reporter that despite what's happened in the past few days, "I love all people."
"We'll be meeting on June 12th in Singapore," Pres. Donald J. Trump says following meeting with North Korean official at the White House.

Trump had canceled the meeting in a letter to Kim Jong Un last week. https://abcn.ws/2J3F0bd
BREAKING: Pres. Donald J. Trump announces summit with North Korea is back on. abcn.ws/2HcEyS2
"I think they want to do that, I know they want to do that," Pres. Donald J. Trump says about prospect of North Korea denuclearization.

"They want other things along the line," the president adds. https://abcn.ws/2J3F0bd
President Donald J. Trump and North Korean delegation conclude meeting at The White House ahead of potential summit between Trump and Kim Jong Un. https://abcn.ws/2LfysCC
Two toddlers at a mall in Australia figured out a way to outsmart a claw machine: Climb inside to get the prize you want.

Mall management opened the doors to the machine to let the children out, and even let them keep a prize for their troubles. https://abcn.ws/2HafU4D
HAPPY NATIONAL DONUT DAY, AMERICA! Here's how to make your very own donut wall! https://gma.abc/2J7VMSq
Kim's top adviser and former North Korean spy chief, Kim Yong Chol, delivered the letter himself after a rare diplomatic visit to the United States to meet with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York.
Tolerated during the World Cup, Russia's LGBT communities face a return to widespread discrimination when the FIFA circus packs up and leaves the country in mid-July.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE: Graduation ceremony in California was made even more special when a soldier deployed to Korea came home to surprise his little sister. https://abcn.ws/2J3pyfd
President Donald J. Trump said there was a "double standard" over the reactions to comments made by Roseanne Barr and comedian Samantha Bee.
MAKING A SPLASH: Heavy rain and thunderstorms aren’t enough to deter this young man from playing outside. (P.S.: We don't recommend trying this at home.) http://abcn.ws/2AMTzXJ
The short tracks cover a range of subjects, including his recent declaration that slavery was a choice. He rapped that Kardashian West called "screaming, saying we're about to lose it all," fearing the criticism from the statement.
NEW: North Korean delegation arrives at White House for meeting with Pres. Trump ahead of potential summit between Trump and Kim Jong Un. https://abcn.ws/2J5l3AA
President Donald J. Trump meets with North Korean delegation at the White House ahead of potential summit between Trump and Kim Jong Un. https://abcn.ws/2J1yAZP
TO THE RESCUE: Dramatic footage shows a helicopter rescue team airlifting a woman who broke her leg hiking Mt. Baker in Washington State. Her injuries were not life-threatening, the Snohomish County Sheriff’s Office said. https://abcn.ws/2J3pQTj
One The Bachelorette contestant got a crash course this week in how past social media activity can impact the present.
NEW: Pres. George H. W. Bush tweets from the hospital, saying he is enjoying a "wonderful walk down memory lane."

"Yet another reminder of just how lucky I have been in life." https://abcn.ws/2LfIS5v
"This is right outside my house": Funnel clouds spotted in Illinois and Missouri as severe weather rocks the Midwest. https://abcn.ws/2H9112o
Massachusetts police have reportedly found three bodies in the Springfield home of a man arrested earlier this week in connection to a beating and kidnapping.
Giant pandas at Chimelong Safari Park in Guangzhou, China, beat the heat with piles of ice to lay in and plenty of frozen treats! https://abcn.ws/2IZpAo6
The goal is to draw more people to Vermont whose population is under 625,000 with 15,000 fewer workers than in 2009, according to a website of the state's governor, Phil Scott.
The bear was later shot and killed, according to officials. The five big cats were found within the confines of the park and were recaptured in the afternoon.
Pyongyang’s state media reported the reaffirmation occurred – as a meeting with the U.S. hangs in the balance – at an encounter between its leader and the Russian Foreign Minister.
CLOSE CALL: Couple keeps control of car after a bottle hurled from an overpass shatters their windshield; police are investigating the incident. http://abcn.ws/2hFejwL
President Donald J. Trump is hardly a subtle person, ABC News Political Director Rick Klein writes. And he's spent a whole lot of time sending messages—loud and clear ones—in recent days.
WEATHER: A new storm system with a cold front will be moving into the Plains and parts of Midwest Friday with damaging storms.
Horowitz is the man in Washington who investigates the investigators and is now assigned to determine whether there is any truth to Pres. Donald J. Trump’s unsubstantiated allegation of a spy being planted in his campaign.
NEW: Pres. Donald J. Trump "underscored the need to rebalance trade with Europe" in call with French Pres. Emmanuel Macron, The White House says. Macron has been critical of the Trump administration's new tariff moves. https://abcn.ws/2HeuLLq
In the year since Pres. Donald J. Trump announced that he intends to remove the U.S. from the Paris Climate Agreement – a move which was panned by some American allies – some experts say the move has actually spurred more action on climate change.
JUST IN: Steven Wiggins, who had been on the run since the fatal shooting earlier this week, was captured Friday morning, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted.
U.S. employers extended a streak of solid hiring in May, adding 223,000 jobs and helping lower the unemployment rate to an 18-year low of 3.8 percent.
The tennis star gestured to her bicep and said, "This is me, and this is my weapon and machine."
“Political polarization is increasingly degrading our close connections with friends and family,” says the economist who authored the study.
A Philadelphia Eagles fan accused of punching a police horse is suing the team and police, claiming he didn't strike the horse and he was beaten for no reason.
The attorney for a 20-year-old woman who was punched multiple times by police on the Jersey Shore believes the officers reacted excessively.
The report includes proposals that promote safe gun storage practices, increasing law enforcement presence at schools, hardening school campuses, providing mental health evaluations and preparing students and teachers to respond to active shooter emergencies, among the other proposals.
Two weeks after a man stopped to help Offset from his wrecked car, the Migos rapper thanked the man by buying him a new car.
Former New Mexico Governor and North Korea negotiator Bill Richardson says that there is a 60-40 percent chance that the historic meeting will not only happen but also produce a positive outcome.
MLB pitcher Danny Farquhar has been told by doctors that he's a walking miracle. "God has a plan for me, I just don't know what it is yet."
French President Emmanuel Macron called the U.S. decision to levy tariffs on the European Union "illegal" and a "mistake."
Betsy DeVos urged "prompt action" to amp up security and violence prevention programs in order to "foster a safe and supportive culture."
Stone Brewing released a statement Wednesday saying they "are aware of NOFX's insensitive and indefensible statements this past weekend. As a result, we are severing all our ties with NOFX, including festival sponsorship and the production of our collaboration beer."
This curious cockatoo poked its head in front of a traffic camera in Australia - and seems to have enjoyed its time in the spotlight! https://abcn.ws/2H6Y6at
Three bodies have been found at a Massachusetts home associated with a kidnapping suspect, authorities say.
Man accused of killing 17-year-old girl in Houston car accident had previously been deported from the U.S. three times, federal records show.
14-year-old Karthik Nemmanifrom beat out a record 516 spellers this year.
Several of the boys can be seen on cellphone video raising the vehicle as other team members worked to cut the woman out of her seat belt and pull her from the wreckage.
The U.S. Secret Service overpaid presidential campaigns by approximately $3.9 million during the 2016 presidential election, according to the GAO.
After this round of closures, Sears will have about 800 stores, down from about 1,000 at the end of last year and far below its 2012 peak of 4,000 stores.
BIG LIFT: Idaho youth football team pulls over to help rescue couple trapped in overturned car, possibly saving their lives. https://abcn.ws/2H8I9k0
Congratulations to Karthik Nemmani, winner of this year's Scripps National Spelling Bee!

Karthik won the bee after correctly spelling the word "koinonia." https://abcn.ws/2J1ZrVX
“It was distressing and regrettable that the Ukrainian police played with the truth."
U.S. has made "real progress" toward a historic summit between President Donald J. Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un after a series of meetings this week, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says.
"I crossed a line, and I deeply regret it."
Albright called attention to President Donald J. Trump’s attacks on the media, citing them as dangerous for the nation.
"I will never betray this president," says Pres. Trump's longtime confidant. "Under no circumstances will I bear false witness against Pres. Trump."
The special counsel has racked up nearly $10 million in expenditures over the past six months, making the total cost of investigation nearly $17 million.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau: That U.S. is "invoking national security measures against Canada, against its closest allies, friends and partners in the world...means that this is perhaps more significant than the administration realizes." https://abcn.ws/2J0hP1k
Summer wedding season is here—and what better way to personalize your wedding day than with DIY touches?
An additional 56 animals were found alive inside the store, as well, and taken to foster homes.
GOP Rep. Dan Donovan was among 12 House Republicans who voted against the tax bill. In December, Donovan released a statement outlining his reasons for voting "no," saying that the tax bill “doesn't equal relief for far too many.”
President Donald J. Trump claims he "never fired James Comey because of Russia" — despite past statements and recent reports that Russia did come into play.
Pres. Donald J. Trump says he doesn’t know what the letter will say but says he thinks “it’ll be very positive.”
From a "Sleeping Beauty" who now runs a coffee company to two sisters from "Frozen" who become climate change scientists, one creative illustrator has taken the Disney princesses and re-imagined them as career women.
Democratic senators are asking the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's internal watchdog to launch a new investigation into whether Scott Pruitt violated any rules when one of his aides helped him find an apartment.
A course manager at a Pennsylvania golf course who was allegedly upset with a group of black female golfers told a 911 dispatcher that one of the women wasn't wielding weapons "other than her mouth."
After announcing a full pardon for Dinesh D'Souza, Pres. Trump says he is considering commuting the sentence of Rob Blagojevich and pardoning Martha Stewart. Both have ties to Trump's reality show "The Apprentice."  ABC News' Karen Travers has more: https://abcn.ws/2IZ8IxX
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle may be on their honeymoon, but they are not far from sight for Harry’s grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II.
Student journalist who asked The White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders about school shootings:

"In a lot of schools around this country, there's this worry that our school could be next. It could be added to the list of Columbine, Parkland, Santa Fe." https://abcn.ws/2J07baN
Army Specialist Chris Harris was killed in Afghanistan just days after he learned he was going to be a father.

So his former Army unit stepped up for an incredibly moving photoshoot with his newborn daughter. "Chris, we've got your baby girl." https://abcn.ws/2J0eVtA
The cable news network responded today to a 10-page letter from Freeman's attorney Robert Schwartz earlier this week demanding a retraction of the story and an apology.
"The photos represented how African Americans were once wrongfully portrayed in entertainment," Drake says.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says offer of meeting with President Donald J. Trump on NAFTA thwarted over precondition: "There was no possibility of any Canadian prime minister signing a NAFTA deal that included a 5-year sunset clause, and obviously the visit didn't happen." https://abcn.ws/2IZqL6Z
Arkansas pastor shocked when his animal shelter received six puppies that had been found crying in a dumpster.

"It makes every one of us very angry, but we think more about the dog than we do the people." https://abcn.ws/2J0eRdk
A transgender woman who was a part of a migrant caravan that arrived at the southern border of the U.S. earlier this month has died in custody.
"Mom, they're taking me away."

Mother describes to ABC News' Tom Llamas the experience of seeing her son taken from her when she was apprehended seeking asylum at the U.S.-Mexico border. She hasn't seen her son in more than eight months. https://abcn.ws/2LbKbSK
A doctor's office will soon welcome five new little patients thanks to a sudden baby boom.
Ella Whistler was in science class at Noblesville West Middle School on May 25 when a classmate allegedly walked in with two handguns and opened fire.
Thai paradise made famous by the Leonardo DiCaprio film "The Beach” will be closed to tourists this summer in effort to avert environmental damage. https://abcn.ws/2J1yv8K
As an intense manhunt continues for a suspected cop killer in Tennessee, a community is left mourning the Dickson County sergeant who was shot and killed after 10 years on the job.
Sec. of State Mike Pompeo tells Martha Raddatz North Korea is "contemplating...a strategic shift, one that their country has not been prepared to make before."

"It should not be be to anyone's surprise that there will be moments along the way that this won't be straightforward." https://abcn.ws/2L7cphB
We're in New York where Secretary of State Mike Pompeo holds press conference following his meeting with top North Korean official. https://abcn.ws/2IZd0Fs
Zimmerman tells ABC News he "miss[es] the Connors already" and hopes "they can find a home somewhere."
7- 9 inches of rain fell just west of Charlottesville, as crews worked throughout the night to respond to several water rescue calls.
"How do you define denuclearization?" That, ABC News Chief Global Affairs correspondent Martha Raddatz tells Start Here, is what discussions leading up to the possible U.S.-North Korea summit are about.

LISTEN: https://abcn.ws/2J2WRz3
"This is not really a moment to like celebrate how the mighty have fallen. But it is cathartic for the survivors, it is a moment for them to have a sense of relief, for some of them."
A landslide resulted in "catastrophic destruction of the structure," a single-family dwelling on Pine Ridge Drive in the Heavenly Mountain Community, authorities say. There were no other occupants in the home.
President Donald J. Trump announces he intends to pardon controversial commentator Dinesh D’Souza, who pleaded guilty in 2014 to violating campaign finance laws.
Both Chicago, at more than 8.2 inches, and Asheville, North Carolina, at more than 14.4 inches, already have posted their wettest Mays ever as storms drag on throughout much of the U.S. today.
